_pages/cv.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title:  Janaki Sheth
description: <a href="">Postdoctoral Fellow at Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  cv : cv.pdf
  address: >
  <p>Stemmler Hall G10</p>
  <p>3450 Hamilton Walk</p>
  <p>Philadelphia, PA - 19146</p>  

news: true
social: true
header: true
---

Currently, I am a postdoc in the [Lab of Auditory Coding](https://hosting.med.upenn.edu/hearing/positions/) at Perelman School of Medicine, UPenn where I study how we process auditory information using bayesian models and network analysis.

In summer 2020, I interned with the IBM NLP group in Yorktown Heights working on Abstract Meaning Representation.

During my PhD years, I have been fortunate to work with Professors [Dolores Bozovic](http://www.pa.ucla.edu/directory/dolores-bozovic) and [Alex Levine](http://alevine.chem.ucla.edu/) studying how the inner processes sounds into electrical signals using methods from non-equilibrium statistical mechanics. I additionally collaborated with Professor [William Speier](https://mii.ucla.edu/people/wspeier/) as a visiting researcher, on a brain-machine interface project where we worked towards translating neural signals to text using machine learning and deep learning techniques.

My interests lie at the intersection of statistical mechanics, machine learning and neuroscience.

Prior to this, I graduated with a B.Tech from Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay majoring in Engineering Physics and with a minor in Electrical Engineering.

My resume can be found [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/29gw4zs19ocuvnr/2021-04-22%20Janaki%20Sheth%20resume.pdf?dl=0) and complete academic CV [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/8ga38xg94kiyl2t/2021-08-07%20Janaki%20Sheth%20academic%20cv.pdf?dl=0).

Commit message:

added young-suk lee's website

_pages/cv.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /
title:  Janaki Sheth
description: <a href="">Postdoctoral Fellow at Perelman School of Medicine, University of Pennsylvania</a>.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  cv : cv.pdf
  address: >
  <p>Stemmler Hall G10</p>
  <p>3450 Hamilton Walk</p>
  <p>Philadelphia, PA - 19146</p>  

news: true
social: true
header: true
---

Currently, I am a postdoc in the [Lab of Auditory Coding](https://hosting.med.upenn.edu/hearing/positions/) at Perelman School of Medicine, UPenn where I study how we process auditory information using bayesian models and network analysis.

In summer 2020, I interned with [Dr. Young-suk Lee](https://researcher.watson.ibm.com/researcher/view.php?person=us-ysuklee) at the IBM NLP group in Yorktown Heights working on Abstract Meaning Representation.

During my PhD years, I have been fortunate to work with Professors [Dolores Bozovic](http://www.pa.ucla.edu/directory/dolores-bozovic) and [Alex Levine](http://alevine.chem.ucla.edu/) studying how the inner processes sounds into electrical signals using methods from non-equilibrium statistical mechanics. I additionally collaborated with Professor [William Speier](https://mii.ucla.edu/people/wspeier/) as a visiting researcher, on a brain-machine interface project where we worked towards translating neural signals to text using machine learning and deep learning techniques.

My interests lie at the intersection of statistical mechanics, machine learning and neuroscience.

Prior to this, I graduated with a B.Tech from Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay majoring in Engineering Physics and with a minor in Electrical Engineering.

My resume can be found [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/29gw4zs19ocuvnr/2021-04-22%20Janaki%20Sheth%20resume.pdf?dl=0) and complete academic CV [here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/8ga38xg94kiyl2t/2021-08-07%20Janaki%20Sheth%20academic%20cv.pdf?dl=0).
